What is a zine? Where do they come from? What’s their history as a genre of writing?
A zine is an independently-made 'mini-magazine' that usually contains original content. When published, they have a small amount of circulation. The genre had ancestors (including Thomas Paine's "Common Sense)"), but didn't really become a thing until the late 1920's, with science fiction fanzines. They later expanded into other genres, including 'perzines,' which are about the authors themselves. In the 60's, Lisa Ben and Jim Kepner were two of the 'Zinesters' who started out in science fiction, before making Zines about the gay rights movement.

Why do people compose/write zines? 
To voice their stories or opinions, share their original work, or reach out to people who share similar interests.

Why might they be important or matter as genre of writing?
They are not traditional, commercialized, or conventional. They are independent, and made by a single person, if not a small group. They are more focused on sharing interests, opinions, stories, and original work.

What can zines teach us about key concepts in composition like purpose, writer, audience, context, and medium?
Zines have a specific target demographic, while mainstream magazines target multiple demograpghics so they can get more readers. The writer/publisher is making the zine for an audience they identify with. Zines are almost always on paper (hand-made, printed from a computer, or hybrid of both). However, in the late 90's/early 00's, Television zines, like the Canadian kids show "Our Hero," came into existence, and with the internet came "webzines,' and in 2006, ZineWiki. 

It is often said that zines have no rules, and this is true to a point. But zines do follow certain conventions or norms in their style, content and design. In other words -- zines are recognizable as kind or genre of writing. What are these conventions?
Zines are not commercialized, and focus on content made by the contributors, or articles about a topic the creator(s) like, such as in fanzines. Unlike mainstream magazines, magazines are independently published, so they won't have as professional as an appearance as their mainstream counterparts.

What is it’s purpose? How did you decide this?
It's purpose is to share their content for the pleasure of others who share their interests, or to share their opinions or stories. I decided this based on the fact that most of the zines I have read have focused around one topic.

Who is the audience for your zine? How did this sense of audience inform the choices you made in terms of content and style?
Our audience is community college students who are taking English 101 and 235. These students are mostly in their late teens to early thirties, so Josh and I are writing this in a way we would speak to other people our age, and we included a picture from a very popular, recently-ended sitcom.

What conventions of zines did you adopt in your work? Which did you ignore or modify? Why?
We are going to print our zine out, were are typing in our own words, and except for the original picture, our zine is mostly original content. One thing we ignored was the part about Zines having one author, because we had to partner up for this project.
