Describe your own initial understandings and assumptions about "technical writing" as you start the course. How do your initial understandings/assumptions align (or not) with the work we have done so far?
I knew that technical writing had to do with instructions and coding. So far the work we've done sort of aligns with these understandings.

Reflect on your experience in composing these instruction sets -- attempt to describe all of the choices you made in the process of realizing your composition. In light of our usability testing -- what, if anything, would you revise or change about your instruction set in order to improve it?
I used 14 pieces to make my Lego garden, and used a Powerpoint

Technical Writing -- like any field or category of writing -- is rhetorically situated. That means that questions of audience are essential considerations to what's produced. Even though this is a classroom exercise -- what sense of audience for these instructions do you have? How, if at all, has this sense of audience -- that you are designing this text for a reader -- infromed the choices you made in producing the composition?


I have left it up to you as to how you deliver your instructional text to your audience. You could choose Word, PowerPoint, HTML or any number of mediums or platforms. How did you decide to deliver your composition and what factors motivated that choice? Ultimately, what do you think your choice of delivery medium/platform get you as a writer?


Describe and reflect on your work in setting up an account and repository on GitHub. The "Hello World" tutorial/guide on GitHub is an example of tech writing. What did you notice about it? Perhaps more importantly, what might you learn from it? What's at least one thing you might take away from the GitHub "Hello World" tutorial that you could apply to your own instructional set in order to improve it?


Finally, what do you think you learned this week? Keep in mind that your learning might resonate with particualr course outcomes or personal outcomes or even something unexpected or not entirely anticipated by either articualted course or personal outcomes.
